Vue update (#784)
Picovoice/porcupine: binding/vue/README.md

}
```

### Porcupine in Vue 2

Use `usePorcupine` and `init` to initialize `Porcupine`:

```vue

<script lang='ts'>
import Vue, { VueConstructor } from 'vue';
import { BuiltInKeyword } from '@picovoice/porcupine-web';
import { PorcupineVue, usePorcupine } from '@picovoice/porcupine-vue';

// Use Vue.extend for JavaScript
export default (Vue as VueConstructor<Vue & PorcupineVue>).extend({
  data() {
    const {
      state,
      init,
      start,
      stop,
      release
    } = usePorcupine();

    init(
      ${ACCESS_KEY},
      [BuiltInKeyword.Porcupine],
      porcupineModel
    );
    
    return {
      state,
      start,
      stop,
      release
    }
  },
  watch: {
    "state.keywordDetection": function (keyword: PorcupineDetection) {
      if (keyword !== null) {
        console.log(keyword.label);
      }
    },
    "state.isLoaded": function (isLoaded) {
      console.log(isLoaded)
    },
    "state.isListening": function (isListening) {
      console.log(isListening)
    },
    "state.error": function (error) {
      console.error(error)
    },
  },
  onBeforeDestroy() {
    this.release();
  },
});
</script>
```

> In case of any errors, watch for `state.error` to check the error message, else watch `state.isLoaded` to check if `Porcupine` has loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of any errors, watch for `state.error` to check the error message, otherwise watch `state.isLoaded` to check if `Porcupine` has loaded.
```

> **NOTE**: If needed to call `usePorcupine` outside of `data`, make sure to add observer property via `Vue.set` or `observable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: If you need to call `usePorcupine` outside of `data`, make sure to add observer property via `Vue.set` or `observable`.
```

#### Process Audio Frames

Porcupine Vue binding uses [WebVoiceProcessor](https://github.com/Picovoice/web-voice-processor) to record audio.
To start detecting wake word, run the `start` function:

```typescript
await this.start();
```

If `WebVoiceProcessor` has started correctly, `state.isListening` will be set to true. Watch `state.keywordDetection` to get keyword detection results.

#### Stop

Run `stop` to stop keyword detection:

```typescript
await this.stop();
```

If `WebVoiceProcessor` has stopped correctly, `state.isListening` will be set to false.

#### Release

Run release explicitly to clean up all resources used by `Porcupine` and `WebVoiceProcessor`:

```typescript
this.release();
```

This will set `state.isLoaded` and `state.isListening` to false.

### Porcupine in Vue 3

> For Vue 3, we take advantage of the [Composition API](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-setup.html), specially use of `reactive`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Vue 3, we take advantage of the [Composition API](https://vuejs.org/api/composition-api-setup.html), especially the use of `reactive`.
```

Use `usePorcupine` and `init` to initialize `Porcupine`:

```vue

<script lang='ts'>
import { defineComponent, onBeforeUnmount, watch } from 'vue';
import { BuiltInKeyword } from '@picovoice/porcupine-web';
import { usePorcupine } from '@picovoice/porcupine-vue';

// Use Vue.extend for JavaScript
export default defineComponent({
  setup() {
    const { 
      state,
      init,
      start,
      stop,
      release
    } = usePorcupine();
    
    watch(() => state.isLoaded, (newVal) => {
      console.log(newVal);
    });

    watch(() => state.isListening, (newVal) => {
      console.log(newVal);
    });

    watch(() => state.keywordDetection, (keyword) => {
      if (keyword !== null) {
        console.log(keyword.label);
      }
    });
    
    watch(() => state.error, (err) => {
      if (err) {
        console.error(err);
      }
    });

    onBeforeUnmount(() => {
      release();
    });
    
    init(
      ${ACCESS_KEY},
      [BuiltInKeyword.Porcupine],
      porcupineModel
    )
    
    return {
      start,
      stop,
      release
    }
  }
});
</script>
```

> In case of any errors, watch for `state.error` to check the error message, else watch `state.isLoaded` to check if `Porcupine` has loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of any errors, watch for `state.error` to check the error message, otherwise watch `state.isLoaded` to check if `Porcupine` has loaded.
```
